fix(curriculum): improve Library Manager tests (#57577)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-library-manager/67116d7584d0b469b14579c2.md

To display the book summaries, you can use the `about` property of each book.

> Create a `getBookSummaries` function with single parameter, accepting array with book objects. The `getBookSummaries` function should return an array containing all the `about` property value of each book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `getBookSummaries` function with a single parameter, accepting an array with book objects. The `getBookSummaries` function should return an array containing all the `about` property value of each book.
```

assert.match(getBookSummaries.toString(), /filter|map|reduce|forEach/);
```

> Your `getBookSummaries` function should return an array containing the same number of elements, as in array passed to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `getBookSummaries` function should return an array with the same length as the array passed to it.
```

```js
assert.lengthOf(getBookSummaries(library), 8);

const _differentLibrary = [
  {
    title: 'Title A',
    author: 'Author A',
    about: 'About A',
    pages: 320,
  },
  {
    title: 'Title B',
    author: 'Author B',
    about: 'About B',
    pages: 320,
  },
  {
    title: 'Title C',
    author: 'Author C',
    about: 'About C',
    pages: 304,
  },
];
assert.lengthOf(getBookSummaries(_differentLibrary), 3);
```

> Your `getBookSummaries` function should return array with `about` property of each book from the array passed to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `getBookSummaries` function should return an array with the `about` property of each book from the array passed to it.
```
